Elbow method for clustering -> how to define the optimal number of clusters?
GPT advantages for my thesis?
How llm embeddings work?
Transformers

Interesing: chains of different length in one cluster

Idea: keep all the text for the first emails in the chain, and only top part for others; move attahement file after subject not to cut it

Problems in dataframe folder!! sendres dif emails, timestamps, not always RE

estimated time with numba, without numba -> reasoning here on using other laguage saoart from python

parameter for clustering algorithms!!!

plottig emails from clusters using pca to heck if sth is visible


Read other thesis, take ideas from them!! to evaluate, to compute
Visual repr distance matrix

Ask gpt for each step to elaborate!!

mails similarity matrix?? the most similar emails?
maybe to perform clustering on emails separately to see the distrib?

PCA?? -> how could it help?is theer a way to visualize the results?

Maybe better to clean emails before the embeddings?

Clustering-> try cuml and sklearn, look for other options, gridsearch? adjust parameters; metrics? find info about clustering
embeddings, read more explain why I chose the one I chose

MENTION that noise in clustring could be because of the emails which don t follow each other, missing emails in the dataframe, but it was a shame to delete them

some plots info about the dataset, time maybe in the beginning, aggle inspired

Read more about the models!! all steps of llms
read more about different types of embeddings

in diplom about the embedding
story about choosing the embedding -> try it, different groups subject, then performing clustering to try to find clusters: hi examples, booking airbnb, maybe sth else
time wrap on them

add example of how the chain looks llike, that i have to remove the repeating part

all problems, duo=plicates, with different senders, emails

recall all the satges about the dataframe creation, checking

emails subjects distribution
longest chain
emails length distribution


email lenghth dist before and after cleaning. plots, example of nested emails
detect most similar emails

----------------------------------------------
18 june!!!! thesis upload
20-26 Clustering
27-02 Manual analysis + possibl metrics
02-18 writing thesis
----------------------------------------------

Now, do the following to preprocess text:

lowercasing all words
Remove extra new lines
Remove extra tabs, punctuations, commas
Remove extra white spaces
Remove stopwords


I want t use clustering with precomputed distance matrix. What methods and what libraries I could use in Python? What metrics could I use to estimate my result?
